Manman
Are you thinking of him again?
I'm not thinking about him.
I didn't say who he was.
You don't want to
What about you?
In fact, my mother doesn't want you to be better
But at the end of the day
Mom wants you to come over the most
Thank you, Mom. I divorced your dad a few years ago
I already feel sorry for you.
All these years, I was too busy with my career to ignore me
Mom is really ashamed
Don't say that.
It's like following me slowly, I treated him to death
You have the nerve to say
I only know now that he used to go bankrupt
How dare you let my dear daughter?
Secretly sing for someone else and pay him back
You said I haven't gone yet, right?
Oh, I really want to know.
Such a big hole
Billions in debt
How did you pay it back in such a short time?
Thanks to Mrs. Chen
If Mrs. Chen hadn't endorsed me
Guarantee me again
I can't pay off my debt that quickly.
Make a comeback
madam
Although our previous meeting had some unpleasantness
But this time I really want to thank you.
Helping my dad get through this difficult time
I want to toast you
You don't need to thank me.
It was Lu Yu who begged in front of me
That's why I'm willing to help